Script 00
This script does not have any additional effects.
If the Move is a Damaging Move, it will deal damage and
nothing else.
If the Move is a Status Move, it will do nothing at all.

Script 01
This script has the effect of putting the target to Sleep
for the given number of turns.
A Sleeping Pokemon will have their attacks Cancelled until
they wake up.

Script 02
This script has the effect of Poisoning the target.
A Poisoned Pokemon takes damage at the end of each turn.

Script 03
This script has the effect of healing the user's HP by the
given percentage of the damage this attack dealt.
If this is not a Damaging Move, then no HP will be healed.

Script 04
This script has the effect of Burning the target.
A Burned Pokemon has their Attack halved and takes damage at
the end of the turn.

Script 05
This script has the effect of Freezing the target.
A Frozen Pokemon has their attacks Cancelled until they thaw
out, which has a 20% chance to occur each turn.
In addition, all Fire Type Moves will thaw a Frozen target.

Script 06
This script has the effect of Paralysing the target.
A Paralysed Pokemon has their Speed quartered and has a 25%
chance of having their attack Cancelled that turn.

Script 07
This script has the effect of causing the user to faint
after inflicting damage onto the target.
If the Move is nullified, the user will not faint.

Script 08
This script has the effect of removing the given Type from
the target.
If the target does not have that Type, the Move fails.

Script 09
This script is for the Move Mirror Move.
Mirror Move copies the Move that was last executed and
targets the Pokemon who used it.

Script 0A
This script has the effect of raising the user's Attack Stat
Stages by the given amount.

Script 0B
This script has the effect of raising the user's Defence
Stat Stages by the given amount.

Script 0C
This script has the effect of raising the user's Speed Stat
Stages by the given amount.

Script 0D
This script has the effect of raising the user's Sp. Attack
Stat Stages by the given amount.

Script 0E
This script has the effect of raising the user's Sp. Defence
Stat Stages by the given amount.

Script 0F
This script has the effect of raising the user's Accuracy
Stat Stages by the given amount.

Script 10
This script has the effect of raising the user's Evasion
Stat Stages by the given amount.

Script 11
This script has the effect of setting the Gravity Global
Flag.
The Gravity effect forces all Pokemon to be Grounded and
forbids the selection of certain Moves.

Script 12
This script has the effect of lowering the user's Attack
Stat Stages by the given amount.

Script 13
This script has the effect of lowering the user's Defence
Stat Stages by the given amount.


Script 14
This script has the effect of lowering the user's Speed
Stat Stages by the given amount.

Script 15
This script has the effect of lowering the user's Sp. Attack
Stat Stages by the given amount.

Script 16
This script has the effect of lowering the user's Sp.
Defence Stat Stages by the given amount.

Script 17
This script has the effect of lowering the user's Accuracy
Stat Stages by the given amount.

Script 18
This script has the effect of lowering the user's Evasion
Stat Stages by the given amount.

Script 19
The effect of this script is to reset all Pokemon's Stat
Stages to zero.

Script 1A
The effect of this script is to set the Bide Flag for the
user.
The Bide effect causes the Pokemon to skip their next two
turns.
At the end, they will deal damage to the last Pokemon to
target them.

Script 1B
The effect of this script is to set the Thrash Flag for the
user.
The Thrash Flag locks the Pokemon into using the same Move
for 2-3 turns.
At the end, they will become Confused.

Script 1C
This script forces the target to switch out if they are able
to.
Stat Stages and other effects may be passed on.
If the Self-effect Flag is set, the target can choose who to
switch to.
If it is not, then it will be randomly chosen.

Script 1D
This script has the effect of allowing the Move to hit the
target multiple times in a row.
This could be a set amount of times or a random amount.
Additional effects are tied to the Move itself via the
SetMultiHiteffect command.

Script 1E
This script is for the Move Conversion.
This Move changes the user's Type to match one of their
Moves.
If they cannot change Types in this way, the Move fails.

Script 1F
The effect of this script is to make the target Flinch.

Script 20
This script has the effect of healing the user's HP by the
given percentage of the damage dealt.
In addition, this script also has the effect of Burning the
target.
If this is a Status Move, no HP will be healed but the Burn
will still be inflicted.

Script 21
The effect of this script is to Badly Poison the target.
A Badly Poisoned Pokemon will take damage at the end of the
turn, with the damage increasing each time.

Script 22
This script is for the Move Pay Day.
The player will win extra money at the end of the battle, if
they win, after using this Move.

Script 23
This script has the effect of setting up Light Screen for
the target's side.
The Light Screen effect boosts the Sp. Defence of the
affected Pokemon.

Script 24
This script has the effect of inflicting the target with a
random Major Status from the options given.
Each has the same chance to occur.
The effect chance is the probability that any of them will
happen,
i.e. Burn, Poison, Paralysis
with effect chance = 30 means each has a 10 percent chance.

Script 25
This script has the effect of fully healing the user's HP,
but in return they are afflicted with the given Major
Status.

Script 26
This script has the effect of raising the user's Speed by
two Stat Stages and the user's Attack by one Stat Stage.

Script 27
This script has the effect of forcing the target's next Move
to become the given Type.

Script 28
This script has the effect of lowering the Attack, Sp.
Attack and Speed Stat Stages of the target by one if they
have the given Major Status condition.

Script 29
This script is for the Move Teleport, which immediately
causes the user to flee if they are able to.

Script 2A
This script has the effect of setting the Wrap Flag for the
target for 4-5 turns.
The Wrap Flag causes the Pokemon to take damage at the end
of the turn and be unable to switch.

Script 2B
This script has the effect of setting the Ion Deluge Global
Flag for the given amount of turns.
The Ion Deluge Flag causes all Normal Type Moves to become
Electric Type while in effect.

Script 2C
This script has the effect of setting the given Terrain
Global Flag for five turns.

Script 2D
This script is for the Move Autotomise.
This raises the user's Speed by two Stat Stages and
decreases their weight by 220 lbs/100 kg.

Script 2E
This script has the effect of setting the Mist Flag for the
target's side for the given number of turns.
The Mist effect prevents Stat Stages from being lowered by
opponents (self-lowering is unaffected).

Script 2F
This script has the effect of setting the Focus Energy Flag
for the target.
The Focus Energy effect raises the Pokemon's Critical Hit
Ratio by two stages.

Script 30
This script has the effect of inflicting the user with
Recoil Damage equal to the given percentage of the damage
this attack dealt.
If this is a Status Move, no damage will be done to either
party.

Script 31
This script has the effect of Confusing the target.
A Confused Pokemon has a 33% chance to cancel their attack
and hit themselves instead.

Script 32
This script has the effect of causing an attack against the
Pokemon in the target's position to happen in the given
number of turns.

Script 33
This script has the effect of Paralysing the target and
causing recoil damage to the user equal to the given percent
of the damage this attack dealt.
If this is a Status Move, the Paralysis effect will occur,
but not the recoil effect.

Script 34
This script has the effect of setting the Aurora Veil Flag
for the target's side.
The Aurora Veil effect boosts Defence and Sp. Defence, but
can only be activated during Hail.

Script 35
This script has the effect of setting the Tailwind Flag for
the target's side for the given number of turns.
The Tailwind effect boosts the Speed of the Pokemon
affected.

Script 36
This script has the effect of setting the Quick Guard Flag
for the target's side.
The Quick Guard effect blocks Priority Moves used against
the affected Pokemon.

Script 37
This script has the effect of setting the Wide Guard Flag
for the target's side.
The Wide Guard effect blocks Moves which target more than
one Pokemon at a time.
This effect still applies in Single Battles and is
determined by the Range value of the Move.

Script 38
This script has the effect of setting the Mat Block Flag for
the target's side.
The Mat Block effect blocks Damaging Moves used against the
affected Pokemon.

Script 39
This script is for the Move Transform. Transforming into the
target copies their Moves, Stats (except HP) and Ability.

Script 3A
This script has the effect of setting the Lucky Chant Flag
for the target's side for the given number of turns.
The Lucky Chant effect prevents the Pokemon from taking
Critical Hits.

Script 3B
This script has the effect of giving the target the given
Type.
If the target has two Types already, they will be given a
Third Type.
If they have a Third Type already, it will be replaced with
the new one.

Script 3C
This script has the effect of setting the Embargo Global
Flag for the given number of turns.
The Embargo effect prevents the use of Items (held or from
the Bag) while it is active.

Script 3D
This script has the effect of setting the Heal Block Flag
for the target's side for the given number of turns.
The Heal Block effect prevents the affected Pokemon from
healing their HP.

Script 3E
This script has the effect of healing the user's HP by 1/2
of their maximum HP and to remove the given Type from them
if they have it.

Script 3F
This script has the effect of setting the Miracle Eye Flag
on the target for the given amount of turns.
The Miracle Eye effect causes the target's positive Evasion
Stat Stages to be ignored and for Dark Types to lose their
immunity to Psychic Type Moves.

Script 40
This script has the effect of removing any and all
Protection Flags from the target.
Protection Flags include Protect, King's Shield, Spiky
Shield, Baneful Bunker, Max Guard, Obstruct, Silk Trap,
Burning Bulwark, Mat Block, Quick Guard, Wide Guard, and
Crafty Shield.

Script 41
This script has the effect of setting the Reflect Flag on
the target's side for the given number of turns.
The Reflect Flag boosts Defence for the affected Pokemon.

Script 42
This script has the effect of removing the target's Held
Berry.
The Berry may be eaten by the user or could be removed
entirely without activating it.

Script 43
This script has the effect of randomly raising one of the
target's Stat Stages by the given amount.

Script 44
This script has the effect of transferring the user's Major
Status to the target.
If the user does not have a Major Status, this script will
fail.

Script 45
This script has the effect of swapping the given raw Stats
of the user.

Script 46
This script has the effect of nullifying the target's
Ability.

Script 47
This script is for the Move Me First.
The Move Me First will use the target's Move before they do
with a slight damage boost.

Script 48
This script is for the Move Copycat.
The Move Copycat will cause the user to use the last Move to
be used, targeting a random target.

Script 49
This script has the effect of swapping the given Stat Stages
between the user and the target.

Script 4A
This script has the effect of changing the target's Ability
to the one given.
This will fail if the target's Ability cannot be changed.

Script 4B
This script has the effect of setting the Magnet Rise Flag
on the target for the given number of turns.
The Magnet Rise effect makes the target Ungrounded.

Script 4C
This script has the effect of inflicting the given Status
onto the target and causing them to Flinch if the user moved
first.

Script 4D
This script has the effect of setting the Trick Room Global
Flag for the given number of turns.
The Trick Room effect makes it so that the slower Pokemon
move before the faster ones.

Script 4E
This script has the effect of setting the Max Guard Flag on
the target.
The Max Guard effect blocks all Moves, including Max Moves.

Script 4F
This script has the effect of setting the Substitute Flag on
the target.
The Substitute Effect makes the Substitute take damage and
blocks Status Moves until it fades.

Script 50
This script has the effect of setting the Recharge Flag on
the user.
The Recharge effect makes the user skip their next turn
after using the Move.

Script 51
This script has the effect of setting the Rage Flag on the
user.
The Rage effect causes the user's Attack Stat Stages to rise
by one every time they are hit when they use the Move
multiple times in a row.

Script 52
This script is for the Move Mimic.
The Move Mimic temporarily copies the Move last used by the
target.

Script 53
This script is for the Move Metronome.
The Move Metronome calls a random other Move, which the user
will use instead.

Script 54
This script has the effect of setting the Leech Seed Flag on
the target.
The Leech Seed effect causes the Seeded target to lose HP
and give it to the user.

Script 55
This script has the effect of setting the Fell Stinger Flag
on the user.
The Fell Stinger Flag causes the given Stat Stage to rise by
two, but only if the Move caused the target to faint.
If this is a Status Move, the Fell Stinger Flag will have no
effect.

Script 56
This script has the effect of setting the Disable Flag on
the target for the given number of turns.
The Disable effect prevents the target from selecting the
last Move they used while the effect lasts.

Script 57
This script has the effect of taking the average of the
user's and the target's given raw Stats and setting them all
equal to the result.

Script 58
This script has the effect of setting the Wonder Room Global
Flag.
The Wonder Room effect swaps the raw Defence and Sp. Defence
of all Pokemon on the field.

Script 59
This script has the effect of setting the Telekinesis Flag
on the target for the given number of turns.
The Telekinesis effect makes the target Ungrounded and
unable to evade Moves which target them.

Script 5A
This script has the effect of setting the Encore Flag on the
target for the given number of turns.
The Encore effect makes the target unable to select any
Moves other than the one they last used.

Script 5B
This script is for the Move Pain Split.
The Move Pain Split takes the average of the user and the
target's HP and sets each of their HP equal to the result.

Script 5C
This script has the effect of setting the Magic Room Flag
for the given number of turns.
The Magic Room effect nullifies all Held Items for its
duration.

Script 5D
This script is for the Move Conversion 2.
The Move Conversion 2 changes the user's Type to be
resistant to the Move last used against them.

Script 5E
This script has the effect of setting the Lock-On Flag on
the given target.
The Lock-On effect makes any Moved used against the target
always hit.

Script 5F
This script is for the Move Sketch.
The Move Sketch permanently copies the last Move the target
used.

Script 60
This script has the effect of making the target Grounded.

Script 61
This script is for the Move Sleep Talk.
The Move Sleep Talk selects a random Move from the user's
Move Set other than itself and uses it.

Script 62
This script has the effect of setting the Destiny Bond Flag
on the target.
The Destiny Bond effect makes it so that if the target
faints, the Pokemon who knocked them out will faint after
them.

Script 63
This script has the effect of dealing damage to the target's
partner equal to 1/16th of their maximum HP, in addition to
any damage dealt to the target.
If this is a Status Move, the damage to the partner will
still occur.

Script 64
This script has the effect of lowering the Power Points of
the last Move the target used by the given amount.

Script 65
This script has the effect of changing the target's Type to
the one given.
This script will make the target a Mono-Type if they were
not already, however it will not affect Third Types.

Script 66
This script has the effect of healing the user's entire
party of all Major Statuses (and Confusion).

Script 67
This script is for the Move After You.
The Move After You forces the target to Move immediately
after the user, ignoring the previous turn order or
Priority.

Script 68
This Script is for the Move Round.
If multiple Pokemon have selected the Move Round, they will
all use their Move one after the other, ignoring the
previous turn order.

Script 69
This script has the effect of either giving the target the
user's Held Item, if they have none, or taking the target's
Held Item and giving it to the user, if they have none.

Script 6A
This script has the effect of setting the Trap Flag on the
target.

Script 6B
This script has the effect of setting the Nightmare Flag on
the target.
The Nightmare effect, which only works if the target is
Asleep, deals damage at the end of the turn.

Script 6C
This script has the effect of raising the target's Evasion
by the given amount and setting the Minimise Flag.
The Minimise effect makes the target more susceptible to
certain Moves.

Script 6D
This script does something different if the user is a Ghost
Type.\n
If the user is a Ghost Type, this script will set the Curse
Flag on the opponent at the cost of 1/4 of the user's HP.
The Curse effect makes the target take damage at the end of
the turn.\n
If the user is not a Ghost Type, this script will raise
their Attack and Defence by one Stat Stage each and lower
their Speed by one Stat Stage.

Script 6E
This script is for the Move Echoed Voice.
The Move Echoed Voice does more damage when it is uses by at
least one Pokemon on the field per turn.

Script 6F
This script has the effect of setting the Protect Flag on
the target.
The Protect Flag blocks all Moves, except for those which
can bypass Protect.

Script 70
This script has the effect of setting the given Entry
Hazard.
An Entry Hazard affects a Pokemon when they first switch
into the Battle Dimension.

Script 71
This script has the effect of setting the Foresight Flag on
the target.
The Foresight effect ignores the target's positive Evasion
Stat Stages and causes Ghost Types to lose their Type
Immunities.

Script 72
This script has the effect of setting the Perish Song Flag
on the target for the given number of turns.
The Perish Song effect causes the target to faint when the
effect expires.

Script 73
This script has the effect of setting the given Weather for
five turns.

Script 74
This script has the effect of setting the Endure Flag on the
target.
The Endure effect causes a hit that would otherwise knock
out the target to leave them with one HP instead.

Script 75
This script is for a Momentum Move.
A Momentum Move is a Move which prevents the user from
selecting another Move once it is used for five turns.
Each turn that the Move hits, it will deal more damage.

Script 76
This script has the effect of raising the target's given
Stat Stage by two, as well as Confusing them.

Script 77
This script is for the Move Fury Cutter.
The Move Fury Cutter increases its damage when it is used on
consecutive turns.

Script 78
This script has the effect of Infatuating the target.
An Infatuated target has a 50% chance of having their attack
Cancelled as long as the Pokemon they are in love with
remains on the field.

Script 79
This script has the effect of setting the Ally Switch Flag
on the target's side.
The Ally Switch effect makes it so that attacks aimed at one
Pokemon will hit their partner instead.

Script 7A
This script has the effect of raising the target's Attack,
Sp. Attack and Speed by two Stat Stages, while lowering
their Defence and Sp. Defence by one Stat Stage.

Script 7B
This script is for the Move Quash.
The Move Quash forces the target to move last during that
turn, ignoring Priority.

Script 7C
This script has the effect of setting the Safeguard Flag on
the target's side for the given number of turns.
The Safeguard effect prevents the target from being
inflicted with Major Statuses or Confusion by opponents.

Script 7D
This script has the effect of thawing out the user if they
are Frozen before the Move is used.
Optionally, this script may also have the effect of thawing
out the target if they are Frozen.

Script 7E
This script has the effect of making the user have the same
Types as the target.
This includes Third Types.

Script 7F
This script has the effect of raising the given Stat Stages
by one for all Pokemon on the field who have the given Type
(Third Types count).

Script 80
This script has the effect of lowering the target's given
Stat Stages by one and then switching the user out if they
are able to do so.
The user will still switch out even if the Stat Stages are
not successfully lowered.

Script 81
This script has the effect of removing all Entry Hazards
from the user's side of the field.

Script 82
This script has the effect of removing all Entry Hazards
from both sides of the field and lowering the target's
Evasion Stat Stages by one.
Screen Moves, Mist and Safeguard are also removed from the
target's side only.

Script 83
This script has the effect of inverting the target's Stat
Stages, so that positive changes are now negative and vice
versa.

Script 84
This script has the effect of setting the Crafty Shield Flag
on the target's side.
The Crafty Shield effect blocks almost all Single-Target
Status Moves used by opponents.

Script 85
This script has the effect of raising the given Stat Stage
by one for the target if they are the given Type.

Script 86
This script has the effect of setting the Fairy Lock Global
Flag for the given number of turns.
The Fairy Lock effect prevents Pokemon from switching out.

Script 87
This script has the effect of setting the King's Shield Flag
on the target.
The King's Shield effect blocks all Damaging Moves.
If the Move blocked is a Direct-Contact Move, the attacker's
Attack is lowered by one Stat Stage.

Script 88
This script has the effect of bypassing Protection Moves and
removing them from the target's side in the process.

Script 89
This script has the effect of setting the Spiky Shield Flag
on the target.
The Spiky Shield effect blocks all Moves.
If the blocked Move makes Direct Contact, the attacker will
take damage equal to 1/8th of their maximum HP.

Script 8A
This script has the effect of lowering the given Stats of
the target by one, but only if they are Poisoned.

Script 8B
This script has the effect of displaying a string of text
and nothing else.

Script 8C
This script has the effect of raising all of the target's
given Stat Stages by one.

Script 8D
This script has the effect of lowering all of the target's
given Stat Stages by one.

Script 8E
This script has the effect of maximising the given Stat
Stage for the target, at the cost of 1/2 of their maximum
HP.

Script 8F
This script has the effect of copying the target's current
Stat Stages.

Script 90
This script has the effect of raising the target's partner's
given Stat Stage by one.

Script 91
This script has the effect of setting the Powder Flag on the
target for the given number of turns.
The Powder effect causes the target to take damage when they
attempt to use a Fire Type Move.
The Move will not fully execute if this happens.

Script 92
This script has the effect of raising the target's given
Stat Stages by two.

Script 93
This script has the effect of lowering the target's given
Stat Stages by two.

Script 94
This script has the effect of setting the Baneful Bunker
Flag on the target.
The Baneful Bunker effect blocks all Moves.
If the Blocked Move makes Direct Contact, the attacker will
be Poisoned.

Script 95
This script has the effect of lowering the target's given
Stat Stage by one, then healing the user's HP by an amount
equal to the target's effective Attack Stat (the raw Stat +
Stat Stages).

Script 96
This script has the effect of setting the Trap Flag on both
the user and the target.

Script 97
This script has the effect of lowering the given Stat Stage
by one if the target has the given Status.

Script 98
This script has the effect of setting the Laser Focus Flag
on the target for the given number of turns.
The Laser Focus effect causes the Pokemon's Moves to always
be Critical Hits.

Script 99
This script has the effect of setting the Throat Chop Flag
on the target for the given number of turns.

Script 9A
This script is for the Move Beat Up.
The Move Beat Up is a Multi-Hit Move which hits once for
each party member on the user's team.

Script 9B
This script has the effect of thawing out the user if they
are a Fire Type, but at the cost of removing that Fire
Typing afterwards.

Script 9C
This script has the effect of raising the target's Defence
by one Stat Stage and setting the Defence Curl Flag on the
target.
The Defence Curl Flag causes Momentum Moves to deal more
damage.

Script 9D
This script has the effect of healing the target's HP based
on the given formula.

Script 9E
This script has the effect of swapping the given raw Stats
between the user and the target.

Script 9F
This script has the effect of setting the Uproar Global Flag
for the given number of turns.
The Uproar effect prevents Pokemon from falling Asleep.

Script A0
This script has the effect of setting the Stockpile Flag for
the target.
The Stockpile effect allows the user to use Swallow and Spit
Up.

Script A1
This script has the effect of healing all Major Statuses
from the target and healing up to 1/2 of their maximum HP.

Script A2
This script has the effect of nullifying the target's
Ability if they moved before the user did.

Script A3
This script has the effect of making the user used the Move
that the target used most recently.

Script A4
This script has the effect of setting the Beak Blast Flag.
The Beak Blast effect causes all Pokemon who make Direct
Contact with the user to become Burned.

Script A5
This script has the effect of setting the Torment Flag on
the target.
The Torment effect causes the target to be unable to select
the same Move twice in a row.

Script A6
This script has the effect of setting a Shell Trap at the
beginning of the turn.
If another Pokemon hits the user, they will use their actual
Move, otherwise they will do nothing.

Script A7
This script has the effect of causing the user to faint in
exchange for fully healing the Pokemon who replaces them.

Script A8
This script has the effect of causing the user to faint in
exchange for lowering the target's Attack and Sp. Attack by
two each.

Script A9
This script has the effect of stealing the target's positive
Stat Stages and transferring them to the user.
If this is a Damaging Move, this effect will happen before
dealing Damage.

Script AA
This script has the effect of dealing recoil damage to the
user equal to 1/2 of their maximum HP.

Script AB
This script has the effect of curing the target of the given
Status.

Script AC
This script has the effect of setting the given Target
Redirection Flag on the target.

Script AD
This script is for the Move Nature Power.
The Move Nature Power calls a different Move depending on
the Terrain (not the Global Flag).

Script AE
This script has the effect of setting the Charge Flag on the
target for the given number of turns.
The Charge effect powers up the user's Electric Type Moves.

Script AF
This script has the effect of setting the Taunt Flag on the
target for the given number of turns.
The Taunt effect causes the target to be unable to select
Status Moves.

Script B0
This script has the effect of setting the Helping Hand Flag
on the target's partner for the given number of turns.
The Helping Hand effect increases the damage that the
target's partner will do.

Script B1
This script has the effect of swapping the user's and
target's Held Items.
This will fail if either Pokemon's Held Items cannot be
changed.

Script B2
This script has the effect of copying the target's Ability
to the user.
There is the option to copy the it to the user's partner as
well.

Script B3
This script is for the Move Wish.
The Move Wish heals the target's HP at the end of the next
turn.

Script B4
This script has the effect of randomly using a Move that the
one of the user's party members knows.

Script B5
This script has the effect of setting the Ingrain Flag on
the target.
The Ingrain effect heals a bit of HP at the end of the turn,
but prevents the target from switching out.

Script B6
This script has the effect of setting the Aqua Ring Flag on
the target.
The Aqua Ring effect heals a bit of HP at the end of the
turn.

Script B7
This script has the effect of setting the Magic Coat Flag on
the target for the given number of turns.
The Magic Coat effect causes certain Moves used against the
Pokemon to be reflected back at the attacker.

Script B8
This script is for the Move Recycle.
The Move Recycle restores a Consumable Held Item that the
user has previously used.

Script B9
This script has the effect of setting the Plasma Fists
Global Flag.
The Plasma Flag turns all Normal Type Moves into Electric
Type Moves for the remainder of the turn.

Script BA
This script has the effect of removing Screen effects (Light
Screen, Reflect, Aurora Veil) from the target's side of the
field.

Script BB
This script has the effect of making the target Drowsy.
A Drowsy Pokemon will fall Asleep at the end of the next
turn.

Script BC
This script has the effect of removing the target's Held
Item for the remainder of the battle.

Script BD
This script has the effect of removing any and all Terrain
Global Flags.

Script BE
This script has the effect of setting the Syrup Bomb Flag on
the target for the given number of turns.
The Syrup Bomb effect lowers the target's Speed by one Stat
Stage at the end of the turn.

Script BF
This script has the effect of swapping the user's and the
target's Abilities.
This will fail if either Pokemon's Ability cannot be
changed.

Script C0
This script has the effect of setting the Imprison Flag on
the target.
The Imprison effect makes it so that other Pokemon cannot
select Moves that the user also knows.

Script C1
This script has the effect of raising the target's given
Stat Stage by two and removing their Held Berry, activating
its effect.

Script C2
This script has the effect of setting the Grudge Flag on the
target.
The Grudge effect makes it so that if the target faints, the
Pokemon who knocked them out will lose all the Power Points
for the Move they used.

Script C3
This script has the effect of setting the Snatch Flag on the
target.
The Snatch Flag makes it so that if an opponent uses a Move
with the Snatch Flag set, the target will steal the Move for
themselves.

Script C4
This script has the effect of setting the Trap Flag for both
the user and the target.

Script C5
This script is for the Move Secret Power.
The Move Secret Power has a different additional effect
depending on the Terrain.

Script C6
This script has the effect of raising the target's given
Stat Stages by one and setting the Trap Flag for the user.

Script C7
This script has the effect of lowering the target's Speed by
one Stat Stage and setting the Tar Shot Flag.
The Tar Shot effect doubles the effectiveness of Moves used
against the target.

Script C8
This script has the effect of causing all targets to eat
their Held Berry and activate its effect.

Script C9
This script has the effect of setting the Mud Sport Global
Flag for the given number of turns.
The Mud Sport effect weakens Electric Types Moves.

Script CA
This script has the effect of setting the Octolock Flag on
the target.
The Octolock effect traps the target and lowers their
Defence and Sp. Defence by one Stat Stage at the end of the
turn, until the Pokemon who set the Flag switches out.

Script CB
This script has the effect of causing certain Flags to
switch sides.
Flags affected including Screens, Mist, Safeguard, Entry
Hazards and Pledge Moves.

Script CC
This script has the effect of lowering both the target's and
their partner's given Stat Stage by one.

Script CD
This script has the effect of raising both the target's and
their partner's given Stat Stage by one.

Script CE
This script has the effect of raising the target's given
Stat Stages by one at the cost of 1/3rd of the target's
maximum HP.

Script CF
This script has the effect of raising the target's Attack
and Sp. Attack by one when the Weather is clear and by two
in the given Weather.

Script D0
This script has the effect of setting the Obstruct Flag on
the given target.
The Obstruct effect blocks Damaging Moves.
If the Move would have made Direct Contact, the attacker's
Defence will decrease by two Stat Stages.

Script D1
This script has the effect of raising the target's Attack
and Speed Stat Stages by one.
This script also removes Substitutes and Entry Hazards from
all Pokemon.

Script D2
This script has the effect of setting the Water Sport Global
Flag for the given number of turns.
The Water Sport effect weakens Fire Type Moves.

Script D3
This script has the effect of giving the target the given
Major Status if their Stat Stages have been raised during
the current turn.

Script D4
This script has the effect of raising the target's partner's
given Stat Stages by one.

Script D5
This script has the effect of turning the user to a single
Type, which depends on the current Terrain.

Script D6
This script has the effect of healing the target's HP based
on the given formula, as well as curing any Major Statuses
the target has.

Script D7
This script has the effect of lowering the target's given
Stat Stages by one.
This script also has a fixed 30% chance of causing the
target to Flinch.

Script D8
This script has the effect of raising the target's given
Stat Stages by one and healing any Major Status conditions
they may have.

Script D9
This script has the effect of setting the Silk Trap Flag on
the target.
The Silk Trap effect blocks Damaging Moves.
If the Move makes Direct Contact, then the attacker's Speed
is lowered by one Stat Stage.

Script DA
This script has the effect of raising the target's Attack by
two Stat Stages, but lowering their Defence by two Stat
Stages.

Script DB
This script has the effect of setting the Glaive Rush Flag
on the target.
The Glaive Rush effect causes Moves directed at the target
to bypass Accuracy checks and to deal double damage.

Script DC
This script has the effect of reviving a chosen Pokemon from
the user's party.

Script DD
This script has the effect of setting the Salt Cure Flag on
the target.
The Salt Cure effect deals damage to the target at the end
of the turn until they switch out.
If the target is a Water or Steel Type, the damage is
higher.

Script DE
This script has the effect of removing the Wrap Flag, Leech
Seed and Entry Hazards from the user's side of the field, in
addition to giving the target the given Major Status.

Script DF
This script has the effect of raising the target's given
Stat Stage by two at the cost of 1/2 of their maximum HP.

Script E0
This script has the effect of lowering the target's given
Stat Stage by one and awarding them a certain amount of
money.

Script E1
This script has the effect of creating a Substitute for the
target and then switching them out, leaving the new Pokemon
with the Substitute.

Script E2
This script has the effect of changing the Weather to the
given one and switching out the user.

Script E3
This script has the effect of setting the Burning Bulwark
Flag on the target.
The Burning Bulwark effect blocks Damaging Moves.
If the blocked Move would have made Direct Contact, the
attacker becomes Burned.

Script E4
This script has the effect of setting the Dragon Cheer Flag
on the target.
The Dragon Cheer effect raises the target's Critical Hit
ratio.
This does not stack with Focus Energy.

Script E5
This script has the effect of raising the given Stat Stages
by one for all Pokemon on the target's side with either the
Plus or Minus Ability.

Script E6
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script E7
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script E8
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script E9
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script EA
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script EB
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script EC
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script ED
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script EE
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script EF
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script F0
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script F1
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script F2
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script F3
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script F4
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script F5
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script F6
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script F7
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script F8
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script F9
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script FA
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script FB
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script FC
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script FD
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script FE
This script is unused by default in ACE.

Script FF
This script is unused by default in ACE.
